Bye mom, bye dad.
Have fun you two.
Yes, we will have as much fun as possible on our titanic themed getaway.
Let's lose the toad please, it's supposed to be romantic.
Speaking of disasters dad, we are leaving you in charge here.
I know, can we wrap this up? Morty and I have some synthetic laser eels oxidizing in the garage.
Hey, don't blow me off, I'm drawing a line, okay?
Any damage to this house or these children when we get back and no more adventures with Morty.
Oh jeez Rick, if my mom's the one who's saying it, then you know it's pretty serious this time.
That's right, wait, what?
Listen, you have my word as a caregiver, everything's gonna be fine.
And if not, like you say, no more adventures or whatever.
It's like that old song, blomp bloppa noop noop ba noop noop noop.
You guys know that song from Tiny Rodgerts? You never heard of it?
You know the black effeminate guy from the 50s?
No, nobody?
Alright, whatever, look, who cares, just go on your stupid trip.
Not one thing out of place.
Not a single thing.
Well, we're past the point of no return, I'm gonna have a party.
No.
I found Jello, can you sneak your mom's vodka?
Okay, bye.
I'm so lucky and doesn't hear you say that.
Is that like their N-word?
It's like the N-word and the C-word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews.
Listen, I think the three of us could just, you know, have a nice time like just hanging out and, you know, doing a little bonding.
Who's that?
This is my chance to gain some footing with the cool kids.
That's why you party?
Boy, you really are 17.
Why do you party?
To get riggity riggity rickson!
Just keep your sci-fi friends away from my awesome ones.
Yeah, and you keep your awesome friends away from my canapes.
After dinner, Titanic 2 will attach to the rail system near our replica iceberg and the hydraulics encased in these tubes.
We'll execute a controlled sink into the icy depths.
A rail system seems archaic for an attraction this impressive.
Are you sure the ship will sink?
I can assure you the ship will sink as it has a thousand times before.
It is un-unsinkable.
Look, it's the line for the bow.
Jerry, I'd love to just kick back with a margarita and read.
Do you mind if I skip the whole King of the World bit?
Well, it's not the King of the World bit. That's Jack and Fabrizio.
This is where Rose says, I'm flying, Jack, but whatever, I can be the only one to do it alone.
Well, what about her?
Excuse me, ma'am, would you like to take my place in line?
I could get into trouble.
We won't, Tal.
So, you're a Titanic fanatic?
Oh, yes. I've worked here since it opened, but I've never been able to participate.
Happy to help, Rose.
I love watching Bukaki. I mean, I don't know if I personally would ever do it.
Brad, hey!
Brad is here. Quick, make my hair look drunk.
Check it out. Tammy's already drunk. Cool.
The beacon was activated. Who is in danger?
Uh, Grandpa!
Bird person!
I am pleased there is no emergency.
Oh, there's an emergency, all right.
A pussy emergency? When's the last time you got laid, Purs?
It has been a challenging meeting season for Bird person.
Then it's time to get your beak wet tonight, playa.
Go have some fun out there, Bird person.
Oh, man, how many people did you invite, Rick?
Uh, people? Six?
Yo, what up, my glib gloves?
Oh, man!
Oh, you know there's a garbage right?
Hey, uh, what the hell?
Ooh, that's why you never invite a floopy-dupe and a shmoopy-dupe to the same party.
Oh, oh, God, oh, that's disgusting. You guys are in my parents' bed.
Oh, sorry, I'm not feeling too well. I just need to lie down for a bit.
Oh, okay, sorry, haha.
Oh.
Oh, my God, are you kidding me?
The thing people don't realize about the Gear Wars is that it was never really about the gears at all.
Uh-huh. Yeah, no, no, totally.
Rick, you gotta stop.
Morty, have you met Gearhead?
Hey, how's it going?
Morty here? He would love to hear all about the Gear Wars.
How familiar are you with the Gear Wars exactly?
Uh, not at all.
Oh, boy. I envy you. Okay. It was about 754 years ago.
Oh, hey, Morty. Have you met my buddy Scropon?
Not again, Rick. That last guy joined on for 20 minutes, you know?
And meanwhile, the whole house is being destroyed.
Oh, Morty, this guy's entire planet was destroyed. Have a little perspective.
Hey, Rick, Squanchy party, bro.
Oh, Squanchy!
It's a very good place for me to Squanch around here.
Squanchy, you can Squanch wherever you want, man. Me casa as a su casa, dog.
All right. I like your Squanch.
Uh, Rick, what exactly is Squanching?
Morty, listen. We've had a lot of really cool adventures over the last year,
but it's time to relax.
Yeah, if I relax now, there might not even be any more adventures.
Jesus, Morty, you're bumming me out.
Can't we just pretend like everything's fine for a few hours, enjoy ourselves,
and then worry about all this later?
Yeah, that's easy for you to say, Rick. You know, you like not caring about stuff.
You know, what's in this for me?
Not get off, slow-mobius!
Oh, sorry, dude. I'm just trying to show off my powers, bro.
I can't believe she's here.
What are you doing standing here, Morty? Go talk to her.
Tonight, the only adventure you're on is your cussing manhood.
Is that what I think it is?
Yes, every couple kids through recreate Jack's drowning at the end of the movie. It's so romantic.
I can't wait to do that with Beth.
I don't know, Jerry, with all due respect, it seems like your wife may not be that interested.
Look!
Iceberg, right ahead!
The fair is now closed. Iceberg, right ahead!
The fair is now closed.
Uh, sir, there's not a problem.
What do you mean? There's not a problem.
The guidance system isn't putting us on a direct collision course.
This ship is about to completely miss the giant iceberg.
Well, do something! Steer into it!
I'm trying!
It's too late. Ladies and gentlemen, don't brace yourselves.
No! What happened?
The real system must have failed.
Ow!
I'm gonna get laid tonight.
I like your feathers.
They are designed to attract the attention of the female.
It's working.
Tammy, I should let you know I just got out of a highly intense soul bond with my previous spirit mate.
I'm not looking to get into a soul bond. I'm just looking for...
I believe Bird Person can arrange that.
Hey, Summer! Haven't seen you up-loop practice in a while.
Summer, don't tell me you're friends with her.
Are you kidding me?
I don't even know what she's doing here.
Oh, not cool, Summer. This is a party. Everybody should be welcome.
Oh, great. Who invited Abirdoff Linkler?
I thought everyone was welcome.
It's not the same, Summer.
Linkler's a crazed maniac.
Just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral super leader
by combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler and Abraham Lincoln.
Turns out it just adds up to a lame, weird loser.
Link, you brought me into this world, a suffering abomination,
tortured by the duality of its being.
But I shall finally know peace when I watch the life drain from your wrecking party!
Whoa, what's up, man?
I have no quarrel with you, boy.
Boy? What's that supposed to mean?
It's just... look, I don't know how you thought I meant it, but...
Don't look at me, dude.
Look, I'm half Abraham Lincoln, so...
So I should get on my knees and kiss your ass?
Oh, no, but... you know...
What do I know? That the Third Reich will reign for a thousand years?
Even alone, Brad.
Stay out of this, Jessica!
Kick his ass, Brad! Kick his ass! Kick his ass!
Rick!
I just did you a favor, Morty.
Sorry about all that. Rick has some really strange friends.
Ugh, Brad is such a jerk.
He's always trying to prove what a man he is.
I just want to find somebody nice and sweet.
Jessica, can I show you something?
Wow, look at all this stuff.
Yeah, this is me and my grandpa Rick's sci-fi workshop. Check this out!
It's beautiful.
You know, Jessica, there's something I've always wanted to tell you.
What's that, Morty?
I think that you're the most...
Know that? Those weird sounds coming from the closet over there.
Oh, my God!
I'm squandering air!
Oh, my God, Morty! That is so disgusting!
Ow!
Oh, crap!
Oh, my God!
Huh, big star in the sky.
Oxygen-rich atmosphere.
Giant testicle monsters.
We'll be fine. Let's party!
Party!
Just like that, I want to let you see what's in my head.
I swear to God, Morty, if it weren't for the fact that everyone's still having a blast in there, I would be so furious with you right now.
Oh, man, you hear that, Morty? You really lucked out with Summer on that one.
How are you guys not freaking out right now?
The whole house is sitting in another dimension!
I mean, what the hell are we supposed to do?
My mom and dad are gonna kill us! I'm losing it here, Rick!
Relax, Morty, relax!
It's gonna be fine. All we have to do is go out and find us some Klaxian crystals.
Oh, shit, motherfucker!
Klaxian crystals, Morty, just a few miles south of here.
Okay, let's go then. We gotta go get those crystals right now, Rick.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Morty, Morty, I can't go with you.
I gotta hang back and make sure everything stays cool here, you know?
I mean, who knows what if somebody breaks something.
Yeah, me too. I should stay.
You guys have any aspirin?
Oh, hey, Morty, this is perfect! You can take Linkler with you.
Hey, man, I'm not going anywhere. I'm injured.
Shut up, Linkler. It's the least you can do for wrecking the living room.
Yeah, and Nancy, you should go too.
What? Why me?
Because you're so good at playing the flute.
Sorry for the inconvenience, folks. We should resume sinking shortly.
In the meantime, please stay on the ship and enjoy a complimentary plate of James Cameronian rings.
Great. Not only is the ship not sinking, but now the fourth wall has been broken.
I am going to go back to the room to finish my book. You should find that Lucy woman.
But, but...
You see, Jerry, may I show you something?
Had everything gone as planned, this entire area would be underwater.
I would have liked to see it. This trip has been a Titanic failure.
Yeah, that's...
Oh!
Draw me, Jerry.
Oh, boy. Lucy. Wow. This isn't what I had in mind.
But it's the perfect moment. We've been dreaming about this for 16 years.
Well, not like this. Not... not with you.
You're gonna draw me.
Then you're going to fuck me in that car over there.
It's weird, because I definitely think that all men are created equal, but at the same time...
Okay! Um, the crystals should be really close.
There they are!
Wait. Something's not right.
Get the crystals! I'll handle the beast!
Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes!
Summer's gonna like me again.
Linkler, come on! Let's get out of here!
My journey is over, Morty.
I have something important to tell you.
And the gears they turned for a thousand years
until the dark day that they stopped.
Rick! I got them! I got the crystals!
Alright! You did it, Morty!
Rick, wait! There's something you need to know!
I couldn't have done it without Linkler.
He said that he was really sorry and that he loves you like a father.
He only wanted you to accept him, and he hopes that his final act would redeem him in your eyes.
He sacrificed himself to save all of us, Rick.
He died!
At least he didn't die in vain. He got these crystals.
And these babies just saved this lame-ass party!
Wubble up and dub dub!
Play something. Somebody play something.
Wait a minute. What?
Put your right foot forward and your left foot back
to fucking slide around like on an Nordic track.
Move to the left, step to the right,
wiggle your elbows and look up into the light.
It's the, it's the, it's the Rick dance.
Slow-mo, you should be with the clock be...
That's the Rick dance!
Alright!
Oh, man!
What the hell was that?
I thought those crystals were supposed to help us get home or something!
What? No, no, no. I can get us home whenever I want to.
But listen, speaking of those crystals, can I get the rest of them?
I'm starting to come down, Morty.
Crystal Klaxian is a really strong but fleeting high.
That's what I think of your crystals, Rick!
Oh, Morty, you idiot!
Does anybody else have any more Klax?
Bird person?
Squanchie?
No, Squanch and me.
Alright, everybody! Party is officially over!
Rick, take us home now!
Alright, alright, fine, Morty. You party, poop or buzzkill?
Boo!
You suck whatever your name is!
You're the worst, Morty!
These gears just started turning!
Almost finished, Jerry.
Uh, almost. I haven't quite captured your beautiful eyes.
I'm sure it's good enough. Move!
Every weekend, Jackson Roses have their Titanic experience in this car,
and I have to mop it up.
The floor drops out to make it easier.
But now it's my turn.
We're going to get it nice and steamy in there,
and I'm going to slam my hand on the steam and leave a nice handprint,
and then you're going to...
...put it in your mouth inside of me.
No mess. No clean.
Ah!
Beth!
Bet you're glad I think Kindles are dumb now.
I can't help but feel a little guilty.
I didn't peg Lucy for a rapist.
What does a rapist look like, exactly, Beth?
Is it a Slavic man wearing a denim jacket with a patchy beard
and a scent of cheap champagne wafting over his blister-pocked lips?
What?
Well, at least you got all this free stuff.
Should be enough to satisfy your Titanic Jones for a while.
Ugh!
I'm not going to fit.
Beth, listen to me.
You're going to get out of here.
You're going to go on...
Jerry, just leave the door.
It's not a door, Beth. It's debris.
I don't care. Just leave it.
Yeah. Okay.
I'm going to do like from Cape Fear.
Ah!
Cape Fear!
I'm going to do like from Cape Fear!
Oh!
Hey, Squatchers!
The party's Squatchin' on in my place!
Oh!
Yes, Squatchy!
I'm coming to you.
Uh, no. You're not squawky enough for a squawky party.
What?
Nancy told us what a bitch you are.
Guys, seriously. Nancy?
Summer, you're a bad person.
All you care about is having popular people like you.
That's not what Abradolphe Linkler stood for.
Well, it was hard to pin down what he stood for,
but it's certainly not what he died for.
Next time I party, I'm just gonna focus on getting totally wrecked.
You're so wise.
Uh, yeah. I don't know.
May I assist you with that?
Sure, yeah. Thanks.
Morty, do you know what wubba-lubba-dub-dub means?
That's just Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase.
It's not nonsense at all.
In my people's tongue, it means I am in great pain. Please help me.
Well, I got news for you. He's saying it ironically.
No, Morty. Your grandfather is indeed in very deep pain.
That is why he must numb himself.
Come on, uh...
Bird person.
Rick's not that complicated. He's just a huge asshole.
Then why do you care so much if you are no longer allowed to continue on your adventures together?
It appears fate has presented you with an opportunity to free yourself of Rick forever.
You know what? You're right. I shouldn't even care.
This is probably the best thing that could have happened to me.
I'm sick of having adventures with Rick.
My people have another saying.
Gubba-nub-nub-dub-du-raka.
It means whatever lets you sleep at night.
Guys, mom and dad are like right around the corner.
This is your moment, Morty. Choose wisely.
Tammy!
Wow. We are so screwed.
Rick, wake up!
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Stop.
Rick, you gotta do something quick. My parents are home.
Oh. All right, all right, all right. Hold on.
So good.
Oh my God, they're walking up the driveway.
Bring me the thing.
What thing?
The thing, the thing. It's got like buttons on it, lights on it. It beeps.
Rick, that describes everything in your garage.
Do you mean this?
Summer for the win.
All right, that should do it.
Whoa, what did you do?
See for yourself.
Wow.
Yeah, everything's frozen in time.
Yeah, and Slow Moebius thinks he's all of that.
For how long?
I don't know. How long do you guys want?
A week, a month?
Can we start cleaning the house and see how we feel?
Worst movie ever.
Oh, boy, what a waste of time.
Oh, can I, you know, cause it's frozen?
This has been so much fun.
Hey, Rick, you know this whole time, I haven't once heard you say that
Wubble up a dub dub thing that you usually say.
Don't need to. I have a new catchphrase.
Oh yeah? What's that, Rick?
I love my grandkids.
Oh.
Psych, just kidding. My new catchphrase is, I don't give a fuck.
You guys, roll credit. Just shit that ass.
Roll the credits. Go. Just shit that ass.
That's the end of season one. That's the end, motherfucker.
I don't give a fuck, is my new catchphrase.
Fuck you. That's season one.
Boom. Season one of, in your face, motherfucker.
Yeah.
Ravage.
Shit.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.